Privacy and terms of use
Your privacy is very important to us, and we take it seriously.
Please read our Privacy Policy below and let us know if you have any questions or other feedback regarding it.

Privacy policy 

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, 
and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. 
The Personal Information that collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information 
with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, We may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information,
including but not limited to name, game score, generated data. The information that We request will be retained on your device and is
not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
AdMob https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
Clickteam Fusion 2.5 https://clickstore.clickteam.com/index.php?route=information/information&information_id=5

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. 
Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

We Don’t Collect Information of Children

Our website and mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and
if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request,
we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. 
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately 
after they are posted on this page.
